♪
>>> WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
>> UH‐OH.
OH, HEY, BRUNO.
>> HI, AMANDA, WOULD YOU LIKE TO
HANG OUT?
>> TODAY IS NOT GOOD FOR ME.
I'M AT DISNEYLAND.
>> I LOVE DISNEYLAND RESORT.
CAN I COME?
>> GOT TO GO.
>> BRUNO, WHAT'S UP?
BETTER BE IMPORTANT, MAN.
I'M AT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON
EARTH.
>> CAN I JOIN YOU?
>> GOT TO GO, BYE.
>> THIS IS REALLY GETTING
OFFENSIVE.
>> BRUNO, WHAT'S GOING ON, BOY?
WE'RE AT THE PARK, WE'VE BEEN
LOOKING FOR YOU ALL DAY.
>> YOU WENT TO DISNEYLAND
WITHOUT INVITING ME?
>> YOU AIN'T GET HIS TICKET?
>> I'M STARTING TO GET REALLY
MAD NOW.
>> HELLO?
BRUNO, YOU'RE BREAKING UP.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
BRUNO, I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
>> NOT TODAY, SWEETIE.
>> HOW DID YOU GET THIS NUMBER?
>> I'M ABOUT A BOARD A RIDE,
SO ‐‐
>> THEY EVEN INVITED YOU?
>> WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
>> I'M IN A RAGE LIKE NEVER
BEFORE!
>> Announcer: IT'S DISNEY
VILLAINS NIGHT ON "DANCING WITH
THE STARS."
STARRING ‐‐.
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AND NOW, LIVE FROM HOLLYWOOD,
PLEASE WELCOME YOUR HOST,
TYRA BANKS.
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: IT'S THE SECOND NIGHT
OF OUR DISNEY WEEK EVENT.
AND AS YOU CAN TELL FROM THIS
EVIL QUEEN ENSEMBLE, IT'S OUR
TRIBUTE TO THE DISNEY VILLAINS.
VILLAINS, THAT'S RIGHT.
LAST NIGHT, WE CELEBRATED DISNEY
HEROES AND NOBODY WAS
ELIMINATED.
BUT THE PRESSURE IS ON, BECAUSE
TONIGHT WE'RE DOING SOMETHING
VILLAINOUS.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A DOUBLE
ELIMINATION.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YES.
TWO COUPLES WILL BE ELIMINATED
AT THE END OF THE SHOW.
AND THE JUDGES' SCORES AND YOUR
VOTES FROM LAST NIGHT WILL BE
ADDED TO THOSE FROM TONIGHT.
EVEN IF YOU VOTED LAST NIGHT,
YOU HAVE TO VOTE AGAIN TONIGHT.
VOTING IS OPEN IN THE EASTERN
AND CENTRAL TIME ZONES.
YOU CAN VOTE AT ABC.COM.
PLUS, SUBSCRIBERS OF ALL U. S.
WIRELESS PHONE CARRIERS CAN TEXT
THE STAR'S FIRST NAME TO THE
NUMBER 21523.
MESSAGE AND DATA RATES MAY
APPLY.
UP FIRST, IT IS OUR PLATINUM
COUNTRY SINGER.
JIMMIE AND EMMA PERFORM SALUTE
TO THE VILLAINOUS CAPTAIN HOOK.
>> HEY!
>> YES!
>> MICKEY!
>> MICKEY MOUSE IN THE HOUSE.
♪ HOT DOG HOT DOG
>> I'VE BEEN ABOUT 80 TIMES.
>> 80 TIMES?
>> I PROPOSED TO MY WIFE AT
DISNEY WORLD.
WE HAD OUR BABY REVEAL THERE.
IT'S THE ONE PLACE THAT PEOPLE
LEAVE THEIR NONSENSE OUTSIDE,
AND COME IN HERE AND JUST
ESCAPE.
OKAY, OKAY.
>> IT'S DISNEY WEEK ON "DANCING
WITH THE STARS."
>> YES.
>> AND THE SECOND NIGHT IS
VILLAINS NIGHT.
RIGHT?
I'M VERY EXCITED ABOUT OUR
VILLAINS.
>> WHO AM I?
>> CAPTAIN HOOK.
>> LET'S GO.
>> THAT'S SUCH A GOOD ONE.
I LOVE PETER PAN.
I'VE ALWAYS HAD AN OBSESSION
WITH CAPTAIN HOOK.
HE'S A FASHION ICON.
>> I WANT TO DO THIS WHOLE
SHOWDOWN DANCE‐OFF BETWEEN
CAPTAIN HOOK AND TINKERBELL.
JIMMIE WILL SELL THE CHARACTER
OF CAPTAIN HOOK.
I WANT YOU TO COMPLETELY IMMERSE
YOURSELF IN THE ROLE OF HOOK.
AND I WANT PEOPLE TO FEEL THE
DISNEY MAGIC IN THE BALLROOM.
>> DISNEY MAGIC IS A REAL THING.
DON'T BELIEVE ME?
CHECK THE PIXIE DUST.
>> Announcer: DANCING JAZZ WITH
HIS PARTNER EMMA, IT'S
JIMMIE ALLEN.
♪
♪ WHITE SHIRT NOW RED
MY BLOODY NOSE ♪
♪ SLEEPING YOU'RE ON
YOUR TIPPY TOES ♪
♪ CREEPING AROUND
LIKE NO ONE KNOWS
THINK YOU'RE SO CRIMINAL ♪
♪ BRUISES ON BOTH
BOTH FOR YOU ♪
♪ DON'T SAY THANK YOU
OR PLEASE I DO ♪
♪ WHAT I WANT WHEN
I'M WANTING TO
MY SOUL SO CYNICAL ♪
♪ SO YOU'RE A TOUGH GUY
LIKE IT REALLY ROUGH GUY ♪
♪ JUST CAN'T GET ENOUGH GUY
CHEST ALWAYS SO PUFFED GUY
I'M THAT BAD TYPE ♪
♪ MAKE YOUR MAMA SAD TYPE
MAKE YOUR GIRLFRIEND MAD TYPE
MIGHT SEDUCE YOUR DAD TYPE ♪
♪ I'M THE BAD GUY DUH
I'M THE BAD GUY
HUH ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: WHOO‐HOO‐HOO!
JIMMIE AND EMMA, KICKING OFF
VILLAINS NIGHT WITH A JAZZ
NUMBER.
CAPTAIN HOOK.
HEAD JUDGE LEN GOODMAN, LET'S
START WITH YOU.
>> I LIKE THE CONCEPT, THE STORY
WITHIN THE DANCE, CAPTAIN HOOK
FIGHTING LITTLE TINKERBELL.
I THOUGHT THE LIFTS WERE RIGHT
IN CHARACTER.
YOU'RE SURPRISING ME EACH WEEK,
BECAUSE YOUR DANCING IS COMING
RIGHT ON POINT.
WELL DONE, JIMMIE.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> JIMMIE, I'M SO IMPRESSED WITH
YOU, MY MAN.
THAT SIDE‐BY‐SIDE, YOU SAID,
LET'S GO.
JUMPING UP THERE, SO MUCH OOMPH
AND ENERGY TO IT.
PEOPLE TRANSFORM ON THE SHOW,
AND YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE.
I LOVE YOUR PROGRESS.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> JIMMIE, YOU GOT ME HOOKED.
THAT WAS A BADASS JIVE ROUTINE.
YOU WERE TOTALLY IN CHARACTER.
YOU NEVER DROPPED IT.
YOUR STRONGEST PERFORMANCE TO
DATE.
>> Tyra: CARRIE ANN?
>> JIMMIE, JIMMIE, JIMMIE JAZZ.
DISNEY IS TOTALLY YOUR JAM.
I CAN TELL HOW MUCH YOU LOVE IT,
IT CAME THROUGH BOTH OF YOUR
DANCES.
THAT WAS AMAZING.
I GOT TO KEEP IT SHORT.
IT WAS AMAZING.
>> Tyra: ALL RIGHT.
SO LAST NIGHT, YOU GOT THE TWO
POINTS FOR THE MICKEY DANCE
CHALLENGE.
THE JUDGES ARE FEELING YOU
TONIGHT.
JUST TELL ME ABOUT DISNEY WEEK
AND WHAT IT'S MEANING TO YOU.
>> FOR ME, DISNEY WEEK
REPRESENTS FAMILY AND EVERYTHING
WE HAVE.
AND WE WOULDN'T LOOK AS AMAZING
AS WE DO WITHOUT THE WARDROBE
TEAM, HAIR, MAKEUP, THE CREW.
>> Tyra: LET'S GET THESE SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> IT'S GOING TO BE A GOOD
NIGHT.
9!
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> STARTING STRONG.
9.
>> Tyra: OH, MY GOODNESS.
WE GOT THREE 9s UP HERE.
35 OUT OF 40 FOR JIMMIE AND
EMMA.
THE TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS, 67
OUT OF 80.
OH, MY GOSH.
ARE YOU FEELING THIS, THESE ARE
YOUR FIRST 9s, JIMMIE.
>> MY FIRST 9s, MY WIFE IS TWO
CENTIMETERS PREGNANT.
>> Tyra: BABY ABOUT TO DROP IN
HERE.
WELL, NOT IN HERE.
NEXT UP, THE CELEBRITY FITNESS
GURU FLEXES HIS MUSCLES.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WELCOME BACK TO DISNEY
VILLAINS NIGHT.
UP NEXT, OUR CELEBRITY FITNESS
GURU.
HERE ARE CODY RIGSBY AND CHERYL
TRAINING FOR THEIR SONG
FROM "BEAUTY AND THE BEAST."
>> LAST NIGHT WAS AMAZING.
IT FELT INCREDIBLE TO BE BACK IN
THE BALLROOM WITH CHERYL, WITH
THE COSTUMES AND THE LIGHTING.
YOU CAN REALLY FEEL THE MAGIC OF
DISNEY IN THE BALLROOM.
I REALLY TOOK IN ALL THAT MAGIC.
>> WE CONTINUE DISNEY WEEK, AND
IT'S VILLAINS NIGHT.
WE'RE DOING A VIENNESE WALTZ
TO "GASTON."
>> DID YOU KNOW "BEAUTY AND THE
BEAST" WAS MY FIRST VHS.
IT'S ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES.
>> IT'S A ROMANTIC DANCE BETWEEN
A LOVER AND A LOVER.
>> I FEEL LIKE GASTON IS IN LOVE
WITH HIMSELF.
I THINK I'M GOING TO FIT IN
PERFECTLY WITH THIS ROLE.
AS A TRUE GEMINI, I BELIEVE
WE'RE PART VILLAIN AND HERO.
>> THERE'S A LOT OF PRESSURE ON
CODY.
WE'RE HANDLING IT WELL SO FAR.
>> I'M READY TO DRINK MY EGGS
AND GET BIG AND STRONG SO WE CAN
SLAY THIS DANCE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE
VIENNESE WALTZ WITH HIS PARTNER
CHERYL, IT'S CODY RIGSBY.
♪
♪ GOSH IT DISTURBS ME
TO SEE YOU GASTON LOOKING
SO DOWN IN THE DUMPS ♪
♪ THERE'S NO MAN IN
TOWN AS ADMIRED AS YOU ♪
♪ AND IT'S NOT VERY
HARD TO SEE WHY ♪
♪ NO ONE HITS LIKE GASTON
MATCHES WITS LIKE GASTON ♪
♪ IN A SPITTING MATCH
NOBODY SPITS LIKE GASTON ♪
♪ I'M ESPECIALLY GOOD
AT EXPECTORATING ♪
♪ SAY IT AGAIN
WHO'S A MAN AMONG MEN
WHO'S THE SUPER SUCCESS ♪
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW
CAN'T YOU GUESS ♪
♪ ASK HIS FANS AND
HIS FIVE HANGERS‐ON ♪
♪ THERE'S JUST ONE GUY IN
TOWN WHO'S GOT ALL OF IT DOWN
GASTON ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> GOOD JOB.
GOOD JOB.
>> Tyra: ALL RIGHTY.
WE GOT CODY AND CHERYL WITH THAT
VIENNESE WALTZ.
DEREK?
>> I DON'T KNOW IF PEOPLE KNOW
THIS, BUT YOU HAD THE LEAST
AMOUNT OF PRACTICE TIME THIS
WEEK.
WELL DONE.
YOU HAD THAT FLAIR AND GUSTY.
TECHNICALLY, THERE'S SOME THINGS
TO WORK ON, THE TURNS, GETTING
LOWER IN THE LEGS, IT WILL HELP
YOU GET MORE BALANCE.
A LITTLE WOBBLE OVER THERE.
BUT OVERALL, WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> GASTON, SO IRRESITABLY
DASHING.
IT'S SO GOOD TO SEE YOU IN A
FULL PRODUCTION.
HE'S RIGHT, A LITTLE BIT OF
POLISHING.
BUT YOU CAN WORK A STAGE.
>> Tyra: CARRIE ANN?
>> CODY, THANK YOU, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU.
ALL THE MOVES WERE BOLD,
POLISHED, YOU WERE SO ANIMATED.
A FEW LITTLE TINY STUMBLES.
BUT WHO CARES TONIGHT.
CHEERS TO YOU.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> I CONGRATULATE YOU, NATURAL .
YOU PUT A FLECKLE IN THERE, THAT
WAS FANTASTIC.
WELL DONE TO BOTH OF YOU.
GOOD JOB.
>> Tyra: YOU GUYS ARE FRESH OUT
OF QUARANTINE.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE A LOT OF TIME.
YOU HAD THREE DAYS TO DO TWO
DANCES?
>> YES, WE STARTED IN ZOOM, THEN
FRIDAY WE GOT TO CONNECT.
I'M SO GRATEFUL FOR CHERYL.
>> Tyra: ALL RIGHTY.
LET'S GET THE SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 7.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> Tyra: ALL RIGHTY.
SO CODY, THOSE ARE YOUR FIRST
8s.
YOUR HIGHEST SCORE YET, 31 OUT
OF 40 FOR CODY AND CHERYL.
YOU GOT 58 TOTAL FOR BOTH
NIGHTS.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE GOING TO MOVE IT ON.
NEXT UP, THE MAGNIFICENT SPICE
GIRL
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WELCOME BACK TO DISNEY
VILLAINS NIGHT.
THIS WEEK, FOR INSPIRATION, OUR
COUPLES VISITED BOTH DISNEYLAND
AND DISNEY CALIFORNIA ADVENTURE
PARK AT THE DISNEYLAND RESORT.
LET'S SEE HOW MELANIE C AND GLEB
PLAN TO BRING HER COMPETITIVE
EDGE TO A DANCE HONORING
MALEFICENT.
>> MELANIE, WELCOME TO
DISNEYLAND.
THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH.
>> OH, MY GOODNESS.
WHAT A TREAT.
>> BUT THE THING IS, IT'S
VILLAINS NIGHT.
AND WE'RE DANCING THE VIENNESE
WALTZ TO "ONCE UPON A DREAM."
AND YOU GET TO PLAY MALEFICENT.
>> I'M SO EXCITED TO PLAY
MALEFICENT.
SHE'S THE VILLAIN OF "SLEEPING
BEAUTY."
VERY DRAMATIC AND FULL OF GIRL
POWER.
AND I THINK THIS CHARACTER
REALLY CALLS FOR SOME DRAMA.
>> MELANIE IS PLAYING
MALEFICENT.
YOU'RE SPORTY SPICE, VERY
COMPETITIVE.
>> LOSING IS NOT AN OPTION.
>> I WANT TO CHALLENGE YOU TO A
GAME.
LET'S GO HAVE SOME FUN.
>> YOU'RE GOING DOWN, SUNSHINE.
♪
SO GLEB THINKS HE CAN BEAT ME TO
WEBSLINGERS.
SERIOUSLY?
>> OH, MAN.
I JUST GOT BEATEN.
>> WHAT CAN I SAY.
DON'T CHALLENGE SPORTY SPICE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE
VIENNESE WALTZ WITH HER PARTNER
GLEB, IT'S MELANIE C.
♪
♪ I KNOW YOU I WALKED WITH
YOU ONCE UPON A DREAM ♪
♪ I KNOW YOU THAT LOOK IN
YOUR EYES IS SO FAMILIAR A PGLE♪
♪
♪ BUT IF I KNOW YOU
I KNOW WHAT YOU'LL DO ♪
♪ YOU'LL LOVE ME AT ONCE
THE WAY YOU DID ONCE
UPON A DREAM ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: WHOA.
WICKED.
MELANIE C AND GLEB WITH THE
VIENNESE WALTZ.
BRUNO?
>> MAGNIFICENT MALEFICENT.
YOU'VE GOT PLENTY OF DRAMA,
MAMA.
I MEAN, TALK ABOUT THAT.
IT WAS SO HAUNTING.
BUT THERE WAS A QUALITY I REALLY
LIKED.
IT WAS LIKE SUSPENDED ANIMATION,
LIKE YOU WERE WEAVING A SPELL
ALL AROUND.
I LOVED IT.
>> Tyra: CARRIE ANN?
>> THERE WAS YOUR BEST DANCE SO
FAR.
YOU WENT FROM SPORTY TO THE
QUEEN OF EVIL, SENSUAL,
POWERFUL.
THE CONTINUATION OF THE MOVEMENT
WAS SO LANGUID AND SENSUOUS.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> I LIKED THE MOOD.
YOU CREATED A FANTASTIC
ATMOSPHERE.
I DON'T WANT TO BE GLIB, GLEB,
BUT YOU WOULD HAVE HAD A LITTLE
BIT MORE VIENNESE WALTZ IN THE
VIENNESE WALTZ.
WHAT WAS ON THE LABEL, NOT ON
THE TABLE.
>> Tyra: OH, LEN IS A RAPPER.
DEREK?
>> BIG PROPS FOR NAVIGATING
THOSE HORNS.
YOU HANDLED IT BEAUTIFULLY.
THAT WAS OMINOUS, FORBIDDING,
GORGEOUS, WELL DONE.
BEAUTIFUL, BEAUTIFUL.
>> Tyra: OKAY, BEAUTIFUL PRAISE
FROM THE JUDGES.
AND YOU'RE JUST KNOWN AS THE
SPORTY KICK‐ASS, I AM SO JEALOUS
OF YOUR MUSCLES.
BUT TONIGHT, SO BEAUTIFUL.
>> BEING ABLE TO DRESS LIKE
THIS, I WANTED TO EMBRACE HOW
EVERYBODY IS LOOKING TONIGHT.
>> Tyra: HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT
THE DOUBLE ELIMINATION TONIGHT?
STILL SCARED?
LET'S GET THE SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 9!
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> Tyra: 35 OUT OF 40 FOR
MELANIE C AND GLEB.
THAT'S 66 TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS.
YOUR FIRST 9s.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING RIGHT NOW?
>> COMPLETE AND UTTER SHOCK
RIGHT NOW.
>> Tyra: ALL RIGHTY.
NEXT UP, JOJO SIWA AND JENNA
WILL SHOW US SOME WAYS TO BE
WICKED WITH A PASO DOBLE, LIVE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WE'RE BACK.
NEXT UP, OUR POP STAR AND TV
PERSONALITY, AND FOR THIS DANCE,
JOJO SIWA AND JENNA TRAINED FOR
A PASO DOBLE TO A SONG
FROM "DESCENDENTS 2."
>> JOJO.
>> WE'RE HERE!
>> IT'S NIGHT TWO FOR DISNEY
WEEK.
>> I'M SO PUMPED.
>> WE'RE GOING TO BE DOING A
PASO DOBLE TO "WAYS TO BE
WICKED" FROM "DESCENDENTS 2".
>> THAT SONG IS SO GOOD.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO BE THE
VILLAIN.
SHE STARTS UP AS A LITTLE BIT OF
A BULLY, BUT ENDS UP BEING GOOD.
>> THE MOVIE IS ACTUALLY ABOUT
STAYING TRUE TO YOURSELF.
THAT'S SOMETHING I CAN REALLY
CONNECT TO.
I'M EXCITE TODAY PLAY A VILLAIN,
BECAUSE I'VE BEEN AROUND
VILLAINS.
AND WHAT I MEAN BY THAT IS
AROUND HATERS.
>> YEAH.
>> AND I'VE HAD MORE HATE ON ME
THAN I THINK MOST PEOPLE HAVE
HAD IN THEIR LIFE.
I'VE HAD THE WHOLE WORLD AGAINST
ME AT TIMES.
I HAVE A CHANCE AND I HAVE A
PLATFORM TO BE ABLE TO HELP
OTHER PEOPLE GO THROUGH IT.
WHEN I WAS 12, I WROTE A SONG.
I KNEW I WANTED TO WRITE AN
ANTI‐BULLYING ANTHEM.
♪
♪ I DON'T REALLY CARE WHAT THEY
SAY ♪
>> THE COURAGE THAT SHE'S HAD
FROM SUCH A YOUNG AGE TO SPEAK
OUT, THAT'S SO INSPIRING FOR
SOMEBODY LIKE ME, EVEN.
>> WHEN YOU'RE IN THE PUBLIC
EYE, YOU HAVE A CHANCE TO
INSPIRE OTHERS TO BE A GOOD
PERSON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE PASO
DOBLE WITH HER PARTNER JENNA,
IT'S JOJO SIWA.
♪
♪ WE GOT ALL THE WAYS TO BE
W‐I‐C‐K‐E‐D ♪
♪ HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY
HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY ♪
♪ THIS TIME THE DARK IS
FINALLY GETTING YOUR
ATTENTION ♪
♪ WE'RE WICKED BY THE BOOK
AND CLASS IS BACK
IN SESSION ♪
♪ YOU LIKE IT STEAL IT
GOTTA BEAT 'EM
TO THE TREASURE ♪
♪ A RITE OF PASSAGE
BAD JUST DOESN'T GET
MUCH BETTER ♪
♪ LONG LIVE HAVIN' SOME FUN
WE TAKE WHAT WE WANT
THERE'S SO MANY WAYS
TO BE WICKED ♪
♪ WITH US EVIL LIVES ON
THE RIGHT SIDE OF WRONG ♪
♪ THERE'S SO MANY WAYS
TO BE WICKED ♪
♪
♪ WE GOT ALL THE WAYS TO BE
W‐I‐C‐K‐E‐D ♪
SO MANY WAYS TO BE WICKED ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> YEAH!
>> Tyra: JOJO AND JENNA WITH A
WICKED PASO DOBLE.
CARRIE ANN?
>> OKAY, JOJO, YOU ARE A
FANTASTIC PERFORMER.
I LOVE THE ENERGY AND
DEDICATION.
THIS WEEK, I DIDN'T THINK IT WAS
YOUR BEST DANCE.
IT WAS A LITTLE HECTIC.
I'M LOOKING FOR TRANSFORMATION,
THIS WEEK I FELT LIKE WE WENT
BACK TO OLD TRICKS AND OLD
HABITS.
I LIKE WHEN YOU HAVE A LITTLE
BIT MORE ELEGANCE.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> WELL, IT POSSIBLY COULD HAVE
BEEN HECTIC.
BUT WHAT I LOVED, IT HAD
CONTROL.
IT WASN'T JUST ALL THE TIME, ON
POINT.
YOU'VE DONE TWO DANCES, VIENNESE
WALTZ AND DISNEPASO DOBLE, BOTH
FANTASTIC.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> I FEEL LIKE THE HECTICNESS
WAS THE HAIR FLYING AROUND.
I AGREE WITH LEN, SO MUCH
CONTROL, THE CONTENT, THE TWIST
TURNS, THE KNEE SPIN, SO IN
SYNC, HAD THE POWER AND THE
OOMPH.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> EQUALLY STRONG, EQUALLY
GIFTED.
IT WAS LIKE WATCHING TWO
SUPERVILLAINS BATTLING FOR
SUPREMACY, AND YOU BOTH WON.
A PASO DOBLE LIKE NO OTHER.
>> YEAH!
>> Tyra: JOJO, YOU HAVE YOUR
FANS AND SO MANY NEW FANS
WATCHING YOU RIGHT NOW THAT HAVE
HATERS RIGHT NOW.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SAY TO THEM?
>> SOMETHING I HAD TO LEARN IS
THAT HATERS WILL NEVER GO AWAY.
THEY'RE ALWAYS GOING TO BE
THERE.
HOWEVER, LOVERS ALSO DON'T GO
AWAY.
AND YOUR FANS NEVER GO AWAY, AND
THE PEOPLE THAT LOVE YOU AND
SUPPORT YOU ARE STILL THERE,
TOO.
INSTEAD OF FOCUSING ON THE
NEGATIVE, AS HARD AS IT IS,
FOCUS ON THE PEOPLE THAT LOVE
YOU.
BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT WILL MAKE
YOU HAPPY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: SO TRUE.
YOU HAVE TEN BEAUTIFUL THINGS
SAID TO US, ONE BAD THING WILL
TAKE YOU DOWN.
REMEMBER THE TEN BEAUTIFUL
THINGS.
LET'S GET THOSE SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> WHERE FOCUS GOES, ENERGY
FLOWS.
9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> 9.
>> YEAH!
>> Tyra: WE GOT 35 OUT OF 40 FOR
JOJO AND JENNA.
70 FOR THEIR TOTALS FOR BOTH
NIGHTS.
YOU TWO CAN JOIN THE OTHERS.
GO AND CELEBRATE THOSE BEAUTIFUL
9s.
NEXT UP WITH HER TAKE ON SNOW
WHITE'S EVIL QUEEN, OUR STAR
FROM "THE REAL HOUSEWIVES OF
ATLANTA."
HERE ARE KENYA MOORE AND BRANDON
GETTING READY FOR THEIR VIENNESE
WALTZ TO "DANGEROUS WOMAN."
>> WE'RE HERE AT DISNEYLAND.
FOR VILLAINS NIGHT, WE'RE GOING
TO BE DANCING A VIENNESE WALTZ
TO "DANGEROUS WOMAN".
>> IT'S LIKE AN ANTHEM TO THE
WOMEN THAT WANT TO RECLAIM THEIR
LIFE.
GOING THROUGH A DIVORCE FOR THE
LAST TWO YEARS, I'M SO READY TO
PUT THAT BEHIND ME AND FIND
SOMEONE NEW TO BE A DANGEROUS
WOMAN FOR.
>> YOU ARE GOING TO BE PLAYING
THE EVIL QUEEN FROM SNOW WHITE.
>> OH!
>> YOU GO.
>> I LOVE IT.
BECAUSE THE EVIL QUEEN, SHE WAS
TRYING TO PRESERVE HER BEAUTY,
BUT SHE WAS, LIKE, 1,000 YEARS
OLD.
I CAN RELATE TO ALL OF THAT.
>> WE'RE HERE AT STAR WARS
GALAXY'S EDGE.
IF THIS DOESN'T GET YOU READY
FOR VILLAINS NIGHT, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT WILL.
LET'S GET ON SOME RIDES.
THIS IS RISE OF THE RESISTANCE.
CHANNEL THE VILLAIN.
>> I'M CHANNELING.
>> I'M STOKED FOR THIS ONE.
>> LET'S GO!
>> IT'S AN INCREDIBLE RIDE,
SUPER IMMERSIVE.
YOU SERIOUSLY FEEL LIKE YOU'RE
IN THE MOVIE.
THAT WAS SICK.
>> I WANT TO DO IT AGAIN.
I'VE HAD AN AMAZING TIME AT
DISNEYLAND.
BUT NOW I'VE GOT TO GET BACK TO
REHEARSALS, BECAUSE I HAVE A
VIENNESE WALTZ TO PERFORM.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE
VIENNESE WALTZ WITH HER PARTNER
BRANDON, IT'S KENYA MOORE.
♪
♪ OH YEAH
DON'T NEED PERMISSION ♪
♪ MADE MY DECISION TO
TEST MY LIMITS ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S MY BUSINESS
GOD AS MY WITNESS ♪
♪ START WHAT I FINISHED
DON'T NEED NO HOLD UP ♪
♪ TAKING CONTROL OF
THIS KIND OF MOMENT
I'M LOCKED AND LOADED ♪
♪ COMPLETELY FOCUSED
MY MIND IS OPEN ♪
♪ ALL THAT YOU GOT
SKIN TO SKIN
OH MY GOD ♪
♪ DON'T YOU STOP BOY
SOMETHIN' 'BOUT YOU MAKES ME
FEEL LIKE A DANGEROUS
WOMAN ♪
♪ SOMETHIN' 'BOUT SOMETHIN'
'BOUT SOMETHIN' 'BOUT YOU ♪
♪ MAKES ME WANNA DO
THINGS THAT I SHOULDN'T ♪
♪ SOMETHIN' 'BOUT SOMETHIN'
'BOUT SOMETHIN' 'BOUT ♪
♪ YOU
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: WHOO!
DANGEROUS UP IN HERE.
THE JUDGES ARE GETTING THOSE
SCORES GOING.
FOR KENYA AND BRANDON, THE
VIENNESE WALTZ.
>> THE BARS YOU DID IN HOLD WERE
APPRECIATED.
AND THE TECHNIQUE WASN'T GREAT.
HOWEVER, BASICALLY, IT WAS A
LOVELY DANCE IN THREE‐FOUR TIME,
AND IT WAS DONE VERY, VERY WELL.
CONGRATULATIONS.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> THIS EVIL QUEEN WAS A VIBE.
I LOVED IT.
JUST SULTRY, SENSUAL, SEDUCTIVE.
I WAS SO INTO IT.
SO GOOD.
YOU ARE FIERCE.
YOU REALLY ARE.
AND I WANT YOU TO BELIEVE THAT A
LITTLE BIT MORE IN THE DANCE.
OWN THAT FIERCENESS WITHIN YOU.
BECAUSE YOU DEFINITELY HAVE IT.
THERE IT IS.
WOW.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> SASSY, MADAME.
NO MIRROR CAN DO JUSTICE TO YOUR
REGAL BEAUTY.
YOU USED HIM TO DEATH.
NEXT.
GREAT ATTITUDE.
THERE'S PLENTY OUT THERE THAT
YOU CAN HAVE.
>> Tyra: SO MANY OTHERS.
CARRIE ANN?
>> I'M SO IMPRESSED WITH THE WAY
YOU KEPT ON YOUR CENTER.
THERE WERE MOMENTS WHEN YOU
ALMOST GOT PULLED OFF.
AND YOU WERE LIKE, I'M NOT
LETTING GO.
NOT TONIGHT!
HOWEVER, I DO HAVE TO CALL,
EVERYBODY LOOKED AT ME, THE FOOT
CAME OFF THE GROUND A LITTLE
BIT.
I HAVE TO DO IT.
BUT THAT WAS YOUR BEST DANCE.
>> THANK YOU!
>> Tyra: LOOK AT YOU, KENYA.
WE'RE EVIL QUEEN SISTERS HERE.
>> YES!
>> Tyra: YES.
I'VE NEVER SEEN YOU SO SEXY AS
TONIGHT.
HOW DO YOU WANT TO TELL THE
PEOPLE AT HOME THAT YOU WERE IN
THE BOTTOM TWO, BUT IT'S TIME TO
MOVE ON UP.
>> IT'S TIME TO MOVE ON UP.
WE BROUGHT THE PASSION, THE
FEELING, TRIED TO GET THE HIPS
IN THERE, THE HOLDS.
WE WERE WORKING.
>> Tyra: LET'S GET THE SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 7.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> YOU SPIN ME, HONEY.
8.
>> Tyra: ALL RIGHTY.
WE GOT A 30 OUT OF 40 FOR KENYA
AND BRANDON.
THEIR TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS IS
59.
ALL RIGHTY.
NOW IT'S TIME FOR OUR NBA
CHAMPION, HE'S NEXT UP.
MR. IMAN SHUMPERT AND DANIELL
DANCE AS JAFAR AND IAGO
FROM ALADDIN
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: OH, WE ARE BACK WITH
OUR DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT
COMPETITION.
REMEMBER, YOU GET TEN VOTES PER
COUPLE, PER VOTING METHOD.
AND VOTING CLOSES DURING THE
LAST COMMERCIAL BREAK.
NEXT UP, OUR NBA CHAMPION.
FOR THIS ROUTINE, MR. IMAN
SHUMPERT AND DANIELLA HOPE TO
CAPTURE THE VILLAINY OF
ALADDIN'S EVIL JAFAR AND HIS
DEVIOUS SIDEKICK IAGO.
>> SO, DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT.
>> IT IS.
>> WE'RE DANCING AN ARGENTINE
TANGO TO "ARABIAN NIGHTS".
>> "ALADDIN" IS ONE OF MY
FAVORITE MOVIES.
I'M A PRETTY GOOD GENIE.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO BE PLAYING
JAFAR.
>> HE'S A GREAT CHARACTER.
I FEEL LIKE I'LL HAVE TO EXTEND
MY CHIN HAIR A LITTLE BIT.
>> A LOT, A BIT.
>> I LOVE JAFAR.
I LOVE PLAYING THE VILLAIN.
SO, I'M GOING TO TAKE YOU ON THE
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY RIDE.
>> IS IT SCARY?
>> EXTREMELY.
DANIELLA HAS BEEN PUSHING ME
HARD IN REHEARSALS.
TIME TO GET HER BACK.
I DIDN'T KNOW DANI WOULD BE
SCARED OF THE RIDE.
SHE'S USUALLY A LOT TOUGHER THAN
THAT.
>> NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
[ SCREAMING ]
OH, MY GOD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IMAN GOT ME TO
DO THAT.
I OVERCAME MY FEAR, SO I'M VERY
PROUD OF MYSELF.
IF WE CAN SURVIVE THAT TOGETHER,
WE CAN SURVIVE ANYTHING.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE
ARGENTINE TANGO WITH HIS PARTNER
DANIELLA, IT'S IMAN SHUMPERT.
♪
♪ OH IMAGINE A LAND
IT'S A FARAWAY PLACE
WHERE THE CARAVAN CAMELS ROAM ♪
♪ WHERE YOU WANDER AMONG
EVERY CULTURE AND TONGUE ♪
♪ IT'S CHAOTIC
BUT HEY IT'S HOME ♪
♪ OH THE MUSIC THAT PLAYS
AS YOU MOVE THROUGH A MAZE
IN THE HAZE OF YOUR PURE
DELIGHT ♪
♪ YOU ARE CAUGHT IN A DANCE
YOU ARE LOST IN THE TRANCE
OF ANOTHER ARABIAN NIGHT ♪
♪ ARABIAN NIGHTS
LIKE ARABIAN DAYS ♪
♪ THEY SEEM TO EXCITE
TAKE OFF AND TAKE FLIGHT
TO SHOCK AND AMAZE ♪
♪ ARABIAN NIGHTS
BENEATH ARABIAN MOONS ♪
♪ A FOOL OFF HIS GUARD COULD
FALL AND FALL HARD
OUT THERE ON THE DUNES ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: OH, MY GOSH.
>> I GOT A PARROT.
I GOT A PARROT.
>> Tyra: JUDGES ARE SCORING.
DANIELLA, WHAT ARE YOU?
DANIELLA IS NOT A HUMAN BEING.
>> I'M A PARROT.
>> Tyra: LIKE A MATCHSTICK, NOT
A HUMAN BEING.
ALL RIGHTY, DEREK?
>> IMAN, YO, THAT OPENING AND
ENDING LIFT WAS ICONIC.
SERIOUSLY, JUST ‐‐ THERE WAS NO
MOMENTUM THERE TO LIFT HER WITH
THAT CONTROL.
I WAS WATCHING, ALL RIGHT, IS HE
DOING ENOUGH FOOTWORK?
BUT THAT WAS A MOMENT, I FELT
THAT IN THE ROOM.
THE WHOLE ROUTINE, WELL DONE.
I'M KIND OF SPEECHLESS.
THAT WAS REALLY GOOD.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> NO SPECIAL EFFECTS, NO WIRES.
A FEAT OF MAGICAL STRENGTH.
SHE WAS IN THE AIR.
IMPRESSIVE.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU DID IT.
>> Tyra: I THOUGHT IT WAS A
SPECIAL EFFECT AT FIRST.
I DON'T KNOW.
A HOLOGRAM OR SOMETHING.
CARRIE ANN?
>> I'M TRULY BLOWN AWAY.
THAT WAS ONE OF THE MOST MAGICAL
PERFORMANCES I'VE EVER SEEN ON
THIS SHOW.
THERE WAS SOMETHING ABOUT THE
DIFFERENT LEVELS OF THE TONE.
YOU COULD SEE THE DIFFERENT
CHAPTERS OF THE STORY.
IT WAS LIKE POETRY IN MOTION.
THERE WAS ONE FLEXED FOOT THAT
WAS A LITTLE BIT FUNKY.
BUT IT BLEW MY MIND.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> CONGRATULATIONS.
LISTEN, YOU KNOW, I'M NOT THE
HIGHEST JUDGE, BUT THAT WAS YOUR
BEST I'VE SEEN.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: AND EVERYBODY AT HOME
IS BLOWN AWAY.
I'M SURE THEY'RE REWINDING THEIR
TVs, LIKE, WHAT THE HELL WAS
THAT?
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
IT WAS CRAZY.
>> I DON'T KNOW, I'M A PARROT.
>> WHEN WE STARTED OFF, WE WERE
A LITTLE NERVOUS.
THEN WE REALIZED, SHE'S A LITTLE
LIGHTER THAN WE THOUGHT.
>> Tyra: YOU COULD NEVER LIFT ME
LIKE THAT.
YOU'D BREAK YOUR BACK.
LET'S GET YOUR SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 7.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> THAT WAS A MOMENT.
9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> 8.
>> Tyra: WE HAVE A 33 OUT OF 40
FOR IMAN AND DANIELLA.
HIS HIGHEST SCORE YET.
THEIR TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS IS
63.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT, LAST NIGHT'S LEADER HOPES
TO AVOID GETTING "TANGLED" IN
HER JAZZ ROUTINE.
MELORA HARDIN AND ARTEM DANCE
WHEN WE COME BACK, LIVE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WELL, WELCOME BACK.
WELL, THIS IS A SOMETHING FROM
THE EVIL QUEEN LOUNGEWEAR
COLLECTION.
VILLAINS GOT TO BE COMFORTABLE.
BECAUSE THAT FIRST ONE WAS NOT.
LET'S LOOK AT THE LEADERBOARD SO
FAR TONIGHT.
AT THE TOP, JOJO AND JENNA.
CURRENTLY AT THE BOTTOM FOR
TONIGHT, CODY AND CHERYL.
BY THE WAY, YOU CAN HEAR
VILLAINOUS TUNES FROM TONIGHT
AND MANY MORE ON THE DISNEY
HALLOWEEN PLAYLIST.
NOW, ONE OF THEM IS MOTHER KNOWS
BEST FROM "TANGLED."
YOU'LL HEAR IT IN A MOMENT WHEN
MELORA HARDIN AND ARTEM PERFORM
THEIR JAZZ ROUTINE.
>> IT'S DISNEY WEEK.
AND IT'S VILLAINS NIGHT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
YEAH.
OKAY.
THAT'S CREEPY.
WE'RE DOING JAZZ TO "TANGLED."
>> I LOVE THE MOTHER.
SHE'S SO SELF‐CENTERED AND
WICKED.
I DO LIKE TO PLAY WICKED PEOPLE.
SOME THINK JAN FROM "THE OFFICE"
WAS EVIL.
BUT SHE WAS HILARIOUS IN HER
INCREDIBLE SERIOUSNESS.
SHE'S MISUNDERSTOOD.
JAN AND "THE OFFICE" CHANGED
EVERYTHING FOR ME, OPENED UP SO
MANY OPPORTUNITIES FOR ME, WHICH
I'M SO GRATEFUL FOR.
>> HEY, MELORA!
>> KATE FLANNERY FROM "THE
OFFICE"!
SHE'S A GOOD FRIEND, AND SHE WAS
ON "DANCING WITH THE STARS,"
SEASON 28.
>> SO GOOD.
THAT'S THE JIVE.
>> IT ALSO HELPS THAT SHE'S
PRETTY HILARIOUS.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO KILL THIS
VILLAIN THING.
>> I AGREE.
SHE'S A GREAT VILLAIN.
>> I FEEL LIKE SHE WAS A VILLAIN
BECAUSE SHE GOT MORE MAKEUP THAN
ME ON "THE OFFICE".
>> I HOPE I CAN DO MY FAVORITE
VILLAIN JUSTICE TONIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: DANCING JAZZ WITH HER
PARTNER ARTEM, IT'S MELORA
HARDIN.
♪
♪ LOOK AT YOU AS
FRAGILE AS A FLOWER ♪
♪ STILL A LITTLE SAPLING
JUST A SPROUT ♪
♪ YOU KNOW WHY WE STAY
UP IN THIS TOWER ♪
♪ THAT'S RIGHT TO KEEP YOU
SAFE AND SOUND DEAR ♪
♪ MOTHER KNOWS BEST
LISTEN TO YOUR MOTHER
IT'S A SCARY WORLD OUT THERE ♪
♪ MOTHER KNOWS BEST
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER
SOMETHING WILL
GO WRONG I SWEAR ♪
♪ RUFFIANS THUGS
POISON IVY QUICKSAND ♪
♪ CANNIBALS AND SNAKES
THE PLAGUE
YES ALSO LARGE BUGS ♪
♪ MEN WITH POINTY TEETH AND
STOP NO MORE YOU'LL
JUST UPSET ME ♪
♪ MOTHER'S RIGHT HERE
MOTHER WILL PROTECT YOU ♪
♪ DARLING HERE'S WHAT I SUGGEST
SKIP THE DRAMA STAY WITH MAMA
MOTHER KNOWS BEST ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: MELORA AND ARTEM
DANCING A JAZZ ROUTINE TO HER
OWN VOCALS.
THAT WAS ACTUALLY MELORA'S
VOICE.
SHE WAS SINGING.
OKAY, BRUNO?
>> MOMMY DEAREST.
WHEN IT COMES TO DELIVER
WICKEDLY DELICIOUS DANCING
MUSICAL COMEDY, NOBODY DOES IT
BETTER.
>> Tyra: CARRIE ANN?
>> YOU ARE A LITTLE CRAY‐CRAY.
IT ALL CAME OUT TONIGHT.
I LOVE IT.
SO THEATRICAL.
WE WANT TO SEE EVERYTHING BIG
AND BOLD ON THE FIFTH NIGHT OF
COMPETITION.PYOU WERE AMAZING.
IT WAS A LITTLE SAFE, JUST A
HAIR SAFE.
I JUST THOUGHT ‐‐ IT WAS
AMAZING, JUST A LITTLE SAFE.
>> CARRIE ANN, DON'T START ALL
THAT.
DON'T JUST SAY THINGS TO MAKE ‐‐
THAT HAD WIT.
IT HAD CHARM.
IT WAS TRULY DELIGHTFUL.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> MELORA, THAT WAS AN ABSOLUTE
CLINIC IN STORYTELLING.
AND JUST ABSOLUTE THEATRICAL
PERFORMANCE.
YOU WERE MAGNIFICENT.
BEAUTIFUL PERFORMANCE.
>> Tyra: MELORA, WHAT A VOICE.
I WANT YOU TO SING BEDTIME
STORIES.
WHAT WAS IT LIKE SINGING TO
YOURSELF?
>> DANCING TO MYSELF?
IT WAS AMAZING.
>> Tyra: THAT WAS HER SINGING.
ARE YOU JUST GETTING IT DEREK?
>> THAT WAS AMAZING.
>> Tyra: LET'S GET THE SCORES.
SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> FROM LEN, THE 10!
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> Tyra: 37 OUT OF 40 FOR MELORA
AND ARTEM.
THEY HAVE GOT THE FIRST 10 OF
THE SEASON.
THEIR TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS IS
73.
MOTHER KNOWS BEST.
OKAY, YOU GUYS CAN JOIN THE
OTHERS, CELEBRATE THE 10.
NEXT MONDAY, WE'VE GOT A
PHENOMENAL TRIBUTE TO THE MOVIE
"GREASE."
FEATURING ALL OF YOUR FAVORITE
SONGS.
BUT TONIGHT IS ALL ABOUT THE
DISNEY VILLAINS.
AND OUR WWE SUPERSTAR IS UP
NEXT.
HERE ARE THE MIZ AND WITNEY
PREPARING FOR AN ARGENTINE TANGO
SALUTE TO SCAR FROM "THE LION
KING."
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> IT'S DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT.
WE'RE DANCING TO "BE PREPARED."
YOU'RE GOING TO BE SCAR.
>> I'M GOING TO BE SCAR?
>> HE'S THE WORST OF THE WORST
VILLAINS.
>> LONG LIVE THE KING.
>> YOU PLAY A BAD GUY.
>> I DO, THE MIZ IN WWE IS ‐‐
>> A VILLAIN.
>> I'VE BEEN A VILLAIN IN WWE
FOR 16 YEARS.
EVER SINCE THE FIRST TIME I
STEPPED INTO THE RING, THE FANS
HAVE BOOED ME AND HATED ME.
>> I'D RATHER YOU HATE ME FOR
EVERYTHING I AM, THEN LOVE ME
FOR SOMETHING I'M NOT.
>> WHEN I WON THE WWE
CHAMPIONSHIP, THERE WAS A GIRL
NAMED ANGRY MIZ GIRL, EMBODYING
EVERYTHING THEY FELT IN THAT
MOMENT.
A LOT OF PEOPLE DON'T LIKE TO BE
BOOED, BUT I DO.
YOU DON'T LIKE BEING BOOED?
>> I CAN'T HANDLE IT.
>> BOO, WITNEY!
YOU ARE HORRIBLE.
THAT WAS THE WORST CHOREOGRAPHY
I'VE EVER SEEN.
BOO!
YOU DON'T WANT THAT?
>> I WOULD SHRIVEL UP AND DIE.
I DON'T LIKE BEING BOOED.
I WANT EVERYBODY TO LIKE ME.
1, 2, 3.
>> I'M NOT BRINGING THE MIZ INTO
THIS PERFORMANCE.
THIS IS SCAR'S PERFORMANCE.
SO BE PREPARED.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE
ARGENTINE TANGO WITH HIS PARTNER
WITNEY, IT'S THE MIZ.
♪
♪ I KNOW THAT YOUR
POWERS OF RETENTION ♪
♪ ARE AS WET AS A
WARTHOG'S BACKSIDE ♪
♪ BUT THICK AS YOU ARE
PAY ATTENTION ♪
♪ MY WORDS ARE A
MATTER OF PRIDE ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS
LITTERED WITH PRIZES ♪
♪ AND THOUGH I'M
THE MAIN ADDRESSEE ♪
♪ THE POINT THAT
I MUST EMPHASIZE IS ♪
♪ YOU WON'T GET A
SNIFF WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ BE PREPARED
YES OUR TEETH AND AMBITIONS
ARE BARED BE PREPARED ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: THE MIZ AND WITNEY WITH
AN ARGENTINE TANGO.
CARRIE ANN?
>> THE MEN ARE ON FIRE TONIGHT.
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
THAT WAS INCREDIBLE.
SO WHAT I LOVE MOST ABOUT THIS,
I WAS PUTTING MY SCORE IN, AND
IT'S A GOOD ONE.
SORRY.
LISTEN, IT'S A GOOD ONE.
BECAUSE THAT WAS AMAZING.
WHAT I LOVED WAS THE WAY YOU
CHAN
CHANNELED OF YOUR ENERGY INTO
INTIMACY.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> I WASN'T PREPARED FOR THAT.
THE LIFTS WERE IN CHARACTER.
LOVELY MOMENTS OF ARGENTINE
TANGO WITH A THEATRICAL
PERFORMANCE.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> IT'S 10s ACROSS THE BOARD FOR
COMMITMENT TO PERFORMANCE.
EVEN THROUGH THE COSTUME AND
MAKEUP, I COULD SEE THE
ARTICULATION AND MOVEMENT.
THERE WAS ONE LAST LITTLE MOMENT
AT THE END THAT WOULD HAVE SENT
IT OVER THE EDGE.
BUT BROTHER, GREAT, GREAT JOB.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> VERY SCARY.
DON'T BITE ME.
I HAVE SOME CATNIP JUST IN CASE.
BUT DESPITE THE SCARY
APPEARANCE, THERE WAS SO MUCH
CONTENT.
A COUPLE OF STUMBLES, I THINK IT
HAS TO DO WITH BALANCE.
BUT GREAT PERFORMANCE.
>> Tyra: I HAVE TO ASK YOU, WHAT
IS THE DIFFERENCE ‐‐ OOH.
YOUR TEETH JUST FELL OUT.
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
THE MIZ AND SCAR?
>> OOH.
WELL, SCAR WILL DO ANYTHING AND
I MEAN ANYTHING TO WIN.
AND HONESTLY, I'M NOT GOING TO
DO ANYTHING, I'M GOING TO DO THE
RIGHT THING.
AND HOPEFULLY MY MOVES AND MY
DETERMINATION WILL SUCCEED IN
THE END.
>> Tyra: AND THE COSTUMES.
LET'S GET YOUR SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> 8.
>> Tyra: WE GOT THE FIRST 9s FOR
THE MIZ, 34 OUT OF 40.
THEIR TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS IS,
GIVE ME THOSE TOTALS, 65.
THERE'S MORE DANCING TO COME
WITH BRIAN AUSTIN GREEN AND
SHARNA.
BUT FIRST, ONE OF THE FALL'S
MOST ANTICIPATED NEW SHOWS
IS "QUEENS," ABOUT AN ALL‐FEMALE
GROUP FROM THE '90s WHO REUNITE
FOR A SECOND CHANCE AT FAME.
IT STARS EVE, NATURI NAUGHTON,
NADINE VELAZQUEZ, AND "DANCING
WITH THE STARS" ALUM BRANDY.
"QUEENS" PREMIERES NEXT TUESDAY
IGHT AT 10:00, 9:00 P. M.
CENTRAL ON ABC.
AND I'M GOING TO BE WATCHING,
BUT WE'VE GOT THIS SPECIAL LOOK
FOR YOU RIGHT NOW.
>> EXCUSE ME.
EXCUSE ME.
SORRY.
THIS IS MY MAN.
>> HER?
REALLY?
>> WHAT HAPPENED?
♪
>> CAN YOU BELIEVE IT'S BEEN 20
YEARS SINCE WE IMPLODED ON THAT
STAGE IN SAN DIEGO?
>> WE THREW AWAY FRIENDSHIPS
THAT MOST PEOPLE NEVER HAD.
>> YOU NEED TO FIND THE FIERCE
WOMAN YOU USED TO BE.
FOR REAL.
>> TELL ME HOW THIS ISN'T GOING
TO BE A DISASTER?
>> WE DO IT OUR WAY THIS TIME.
>> DOEN'T LET THE FAME DEFINE
YOU.
BECAUSE WHEN IT'S ALL GONE, YOU
DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
♪
>> REMEMBER THIS MOMENT RIGHT
HERE, Y'ALL.
IT'S QUEENS AGAINST THE WORLD.
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: WELCOME BACK.
NOW, LET'S SAY A QUICK HELLO TO
THE TALENTED FOLKS WHO ARE DOING
A WICKED JOB WITH OUR DISNEY
VILLAINS NIGHT MUSIC.
RAY CHEW LIVE.
>> TWICE IN ONE WEEK, TYRA.
>> Tyra: I COULD GET USED TO
THIS.
THIS IS SOME GOOD STUFF.
UP NEXT, HERE ARE BRIAN AUSTIN
GREEN AND SHARNA GETTING IN THE
MOOD FOR A PIRATE PASO DOBLE.
>> IT'S DISNEY WEEK, AND
IT'S VILLAINS NIGHT.
WE GET TO DO A PASO DOBLE THIS
WEEK TO PIRATES OF THE
CARIBBEAN.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE CAPTAIN
BARBOSA, THE BAD GUY.
AND I'LL BE JACK SPARROW.
>> SO WE GET TO FIGHT.
>> YES, WE WON'T BE LOVING EACH
OTHER IN THIS ONE.
>> BARBOSA IS THE MAN.
HE REALLY BROUGHT AN EVIL CHARM
TO WHAT HE DID.
THIS RAISES THE BAR A BIT FOR
ME.
>> DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT
THE PASO DOBLE?
>> THAT'S THAT BULLFIGHTING
KIND OF STANCE, RIGHT?
>> I HAVE A REALLY COOL IDEA OF
HOW TO GET YOU IN CHARACTER.
LET'S GO BE PIRATES.
>> PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN,
LET'S DO THIS.
I USED TO MAKE FUN OF PEOPLE
THAT WORE MATCHING SHIRTS.
>> I BE WITH HE.
>> I BE WITH SHE.
AND NOW ‐‐ DEAD MEN TELL NO
TALES.
>> ARE YOU GOING TO HAVE A BEARD
LIKE THAT?
>> I SURE HOPE SO.
♪ YO HO YO HO A PIRATE'S LIFE
FOR ME ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE PASO
DOBLE WITH HIS PARTNER SHARNA,
IT'S BRIAN AUSTIN GREEN.
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: BRIAN AND SHARNA WITH A
PASO DOBLE.
PIRATE PASO DOBLE.
ALL RIGHT, LEN?
>> WELL, I LIKED THE AGGRESSION
THAT YOU SHOWED IN THAT.
I LIKED THE FIGHT SCENE, THAT
WAS REALLY LOVELY.
I WOULD LIKE IT, BRIAN, IF YOU
COULD JUST LIFT YOUR DIAPHRAGM A
LITTLE BIT SO IT GIVES YOU AN
AIR OF MORE CONFIDENCE.
DON'T HIDE YOUR FREE ARM.
USE YOUR FREE ARM, GET THAT OUT
THERE.
I THINK THAT WOULD SHOW A FAR
MORE DYNAMIC PERFORMANCE.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> I LOVED THE DANCE/FIGHT
CHOREOGRAPHY.
IT WAS SO ENTERTAINING TO WATCH.
I HAD A HEART ATTACK WITH SOME
OF THOSE EXPLOSIONS IN THERE.
I'M NOT GOING TO LIE.
BY THE WAY, WELL DONE FOR
STAYING FOCUSED DURING THAT.
THAT WAS A LOT.
BUT I'M OUT OF TIME.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> BRIAN, HOW DO YOU FEEL?
>> I'M TIRED.
>> NO PAIN, NO GAIN.
A BIT OF TOUGH LOVE WORKS.
YOU HAD MORE FIREPOWER, YOU'RE
FULLY LOADED.
THEY'RE RIGHT, YOU HAVE TO
CONTROL THE FREE ARM.
DON'T LET IT DANGLE.
A COUPLE OF MISTAKES, BUT YOU'RE
GOING IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION.
>> Tyra: CARRIE ANN?
>> I KNOW IT'S HARD FOR YOU, BUT
THAT WAS A VALIANT EFFORT.
YOU'RE IN IT TO WIN IT, DOING
THE MOVES.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU DID IT
THROUGH THE EXPLOSIONS, LIKE
DEREK.
THAT WAS KIND OF CRAZY.
BUT VERY PROUD OF YOU.
>> Tyra: WE'VE BEEN SEEING Y'ALL
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, ROMANCE,
ROMANCE.
BUT THIS WAS AN AGGRESSIVE
FIGHT.
HOW DID THAT FEEL TO BE IN LOVE
BUT TO BE FIGHTING UP IN HERE IN
FRONT OF EVERYBODY?
>> I HAVE THE MOST AMAZING
PARTNER IN THE WORLD.
AND, YOU KNOW WHAT, HATS OFF TO
THE CREW AND EVERYBODY BEHIND
THE SCENES THAT MADE THESE TWO
NIGHTS.
SO AMAZING.
>> Tyra: LET'S GET YOUR SCORES.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 7.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 6.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 7.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> Tyra: 27 OUT OF 40 FOR BRIAN
AND SHARNA.
THAT IS A TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS
OF 52.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT UP ON DISNEY VILLAINS
NIGHT, "BACHELOR" STAR MATT
JAMES TURNS INTO A SNEAKY SNAKE
FROM "THE JUNGLE BOOK" WHEN HE
DANCES WITH LINDSAY.
AND WE'LL FIND OUT ABOUT IF THE
RUMORS ABOUT SOME MUPPETS
DANCING HERE ARE TRUE, WHEN WE
COME BACK.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>>> HELLO, "DANCING WITH THE
STARS."
I'M PEPE THE KING PRAWN.
>> AND I'M GONZO THE GREAT.
WE'RE HERE TO GIVE THE JUDGES A
HAND WITH THEIR SCORING.
>> AND WE KNOW A LOT ABOUT
SCORING.
>> OH, BROTHER.
>> DANCE COMPETITIONS.
>> OH, OKAY.
>> AND WE KNOW ALL ABOUT THE
SPOOKY VILLAINS FROM OUR NEW
SPECIAL, "MUPPETS HAUNTED
MANSION".
>> MATT GETS A ROSE, 10.
>> THE MIZ OFF THE TOP ROPE, 10.
>> IMAN IS SO TALL.
>> HOW TALL IS HE?
>> 10.
>> AMANDA, TALK ABOUT AMAZING.
10.
>> OLIVIA, BRIAN, JIMMIE.
>> 10.
>> CODY, KENYA, MELORA, JOJO,
10!
>> MELANIE C IS NOT SCARY.
SHE'S SPORTY.
>> AND SPICY LIKE ME.
10.
>> AND THIS IS HOW YOU SCORE.
>> THAT'S IT?
THERE MUST BE MORE 10s AROUND
HERE.
CAMERA OPERATOR CHRIS, 10.
>> I LOVE THIS JOB.
>> THIS IS GOING TO TAKE A
WHILE.
>> CRAFT SERVICES, 10.
>> OKAY.
>> Tyra: OKAY, OKAY, I DON'T
WANT TO BE THE VILLAIN HERE, BUT
10s FROM UNOFFICIAL JUDGES DO
NOT COUNT.
THEY'RE CUTE, BUT THEY DON'T
COUNT.
BUT YOU CAN COUNT ON A GREAT
TIME WITH GONZO, PEPE, AND ALL
OF YOUR FAVORITE MUPPETS IN
"MUPPETS HAUNTED MANSION," NOW
STREAMING ON DISNEY PLUS.
NEXT UP, MATT JAMES AND LINDSAY
PAY TRIBUTE TO THE SHADY SNAKE
KAA FROM "THE JUNGLE BOOK."
>> IT'S DISNEY WEEK, AND TONIGHT
IS VILLAINS NIGHT.
>> LOVE THAT.
>> YOU ARE GOING TO BE PLAYING
KAA FROM "THE JUNGLE BOOK."
>> OOH.
I LOVE KAA.
I'M EXCITED.
I LOVED "THE JUNGLE BOOK"
GROWING UP.
KAA, A HUGE SNAKE, HAD THOSE
CRAZY EYES THAT HYPNOTIZE YOU.
>> I'M GOING TO BE SHERE KHAN
THE TIGER.
>> KAA CAN'T BE TRUSTED.
LINDSAY AND I, THERE'S NOTHING
BUT TRUST.
WE LEARN OUR DANCES.
WE GO OUT TO EAT, WE LIVE IN THE
SAME BUILDING, WE'RE FRIENDS.
WE SHOULD PLAY A LITTLE GAME
JUST TO SHOW YOU HOW MUCH I
TRUST YOU.
>> WHAT'S THE GAME?
>> IT'S CALLED THE TRUST FALL.
YOU WANT TO DO IT?
>> YES.
OH, CRAP.
THAT WAS PRETTY GOOD.
>> THAT WAS REALLY GOOD.
ARE YOU READY?
>> YES.
>> LINDSAY, DO YOU NOT TRUST ME?
>> I'M SORRY.
>> MA'AM, TRUST ME.
>> LET'S DO IT.
>> OKAY.
OH, WOW.
OKAY.
WE FIGURED IT OUT, WE TRUST EACH
OTHER.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE PASO
DOBLE WITH HIS PARTNER LINDSAY,
IT'S MATT JAMES.
♪
♪ YEAH WELL IT'S TOO LONG LIVING
IN THE SAME OLD LIVES ♪
♪ I FEEL TOO COLD TO LIVE TOO
YOUNG TO DIE ♪
♪ SAID WON'T YOU FOLLOW ME INTO
THE JUNGLE ♪
♪ AIN'T NO GOD ON THE STREETS IN
THE HEART OF THE JUNGLE ♪
♪ WON'T YOU FOLLOW ME INTO THE
JUNGLE ♪
♪ AIN'T NO GOD ON THESE STREETS
IN THE HEART OF THE JUNGLE ♪
♪ WON'T YOU FOLLOW ME INTO THE
JUNGLE ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: JUST FOLLOW.
MATT AND LINDSAY WITH A PASO
DOBLE.
DEREK?
>> MATT, YO, FIRST OF ALL, I WAS
FEELING YOU, MAN.
YOUR FACE, YOU WERE JUST, LIKE,
INTO IT.
I LOVED IT SO MUCH.
I CAN SEE YOU WERE TRYING TO GET
THE HIPS UP IN THE PASO, REALLY
WELL DONE.
A LITTLE TIP, WHEN YOU'RE DOING
A DRAG ACROSS THE FLOOR, DON'T
DO SHORT LITTLE STEPS.
DO LONG, BIG, EVEN STEPS TO MAKE
IT LOOK A LITTLE LESS STRENUOUS.
BUT GREAT JOB.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> NOTHING SNAKEY ABOUT THAT.
THAT WAS A SOLID PERFORMANCE.
POWER, INTENT, CONTENT.
YOU CAN DO IT, MATT.
YOU HAVE TO REFINE NOW.
EXTEND, MAINTAIN, AND REFINE.
OH!
>> Tyra: THERE YOU GO.
CARRIE ANN?
>> THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I
REALLY FELT LIKE YOU GAVE US
ALL.
LIKE, YOU LEFT NOTHING BEHIND.
THAT WAS REALLY GREAT.
AND TO ADD ON TO WHAT DEREK WAS
SAYING, YOUR STEPS, BECAUSE
YOU'RE SO TALL, SOMETIMES YOU
TAKE ONE BIG ONE, THEN SIX TINY,
LITTLE ONES.
SO JUST BE CAREFUL OF THAT.
IT WILL MAKE YOUR PERFORMANCE
FEEL MORE BALANCED.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> YOU WANT POSTURE, PASSION,
AND PERFORMANCE, THE THREE "P"s.
I SAW THAT A LITTLE BIT.
BUT REALLY, YOU COULD GIVE ME SO
MUCH MORE.
NOW, COME ON, GET ‐‐ OOH!
>> NAUGHTY, NAUGHTY EMMA.
>> Tyra: AND YOU SHOULD HAVE
SEEN LEN'S FACE.
OKAY.
SO MATT AND LINDSAY, YOU GUYS
HAVE DANCED TWO DANCES THIS WEEK
IN THE AMOUNT OF TIME THAT
YOU'RE NORMALLY PRACTICING FOR
ONE.
TONIGHT IS A DOUBLE ELIMINATION.
WHERE DO YOU THINK YOU ARE
STANDING RIGHT NOW?
>> IT'S VILLAINS NIGHT, A SNAKE,
MIGHT HAVE TO BITE ONE OF THESE
JUDGES.
>> Tyra: BITE THOSE SCORES OUT
OF THEM.
WE'RE GOING TO BITE THOSE SCORES
OUT OF YOU RIGHT NOW.
WHAT DO YOU GOT?
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> TAKE A BITE OUT OF THIS.
8.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> IT'S A 7.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> Tyra: MATT AND LINDSAY'S
FIRST 8s OF THE SEASON.
31 OUT OF 40.
FOR A TOTAL OF 57.
THE TOTAL OF BOTH NIGHTS.
OKAY, LISTEN UP, BACHELOR
NATION.
MICHELLE'S SEASON OF "THE
BACHELORETTE" KICKS OFF RIGHT
HERE, ONE WEEK FROM TONIGHT, AT
8:00, 7:00 P. M. CENTRAL ON ABC.
UP NEXT, BEAUTY VLOGGER
OLIVIA JADE AND VAL PAY TRIBUTE
TO THE OSCAR‐WINNING DISNEY FILM
"COCO," LIVE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WELCOME BACK.
NOW, FOR MORE THAN 40 YEARS,
DISNEY AND MAKE‐A‐WISH HAVE
WORKED TOGETHER TO MAKE MAGICAL
WISHES FOR KIDS COME TRUE.
FROM EXTRAORDINARY EXPERIENCES
AT THEME PARKS AROUND THE WORLD,
TO UNFORGETTABLE DAYS AT MOVIE
STUDIOS AND EVEN TV SHOWS LIKE
OURS, THESE LIFE‐CHANGING WISHES
ARE AN IMPORTANT PART OF THE
HEALING PROCESS FOR CHILDREN
WITH CRITICAL ILLNESS.
AND GET THIS.
TOGETHER WITH MAKE‐A‐WISH,
DISNEY HAS GRANTED MORE THAN
145,000 WISHES AROUND THE WORLD.
WHICH IS SO AMAZING.
GO TO WISH.ORG/DISNEY TO SEE HOW
WISHES LAST A LIFETIME.
NEXT UP WITH THEIR DISNEY
VILLAINS NIGHT DANCE, OLIVIA
JADE AND VAL PERFORM A JAZZ
ROUTINE TO THE OSCAR‐WINNING
SONG "REMEMBER ME" FROM "COCO."
>> SO EXCITING BECAUSE WE'RE
HERE AT CARS LAND.
NOW IT'S DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT.
AND OUR MOVIE IS "COCO."
WE'RE DANCING JAZZ TO "REMEMBER
ME."
AND OUR VILLAIN IS ERNESTO DE LA
CRUZ.
>> I LOVE THE MOVIE "COCO."
IT'S ALL ABOUT FAMILY, WHICH IS
SUPER IMPORTANT TO ME.
GROWING UP, MY MOM WOULD ALWAYS
BRING MY SISTER BELLA AND I
SINCE WE WERE LITTLE BABIES.
AND BELLA IS HERE TODAY, AND I
WANT YOU TO MEET HER.
>> COME ON.
>> LET'S DO IT.
>> HEY.
>> THIS IS VAL.
>> THIS IS HOW HE GREETS PEOPLE.
>> I DON'T THINK I'VE EVER BEEN
DIPPED BEFORE.
I HAVE A LOT MORE RESPECT FOR MY
SISTER AFTER THAT ONE MOVE.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT HER
ON THE SHOW?
>> I'M EXCITED FOR HER.
SHE HASN'T BEEN HAPPY LIKE THIS
FOR SO LONG.
I REALLY WANT TO GO ON SOME
RIDES.
>> I WAS SO EXCITED TO MEET VAL
TODAY.
HE'S MADE HER SO POSITIVE OVER
ALL OF THIS.
IT WAS AMAZING TO FINALLY MEET
THE MAN I'VE HEARD SO MUCH
ABOUT.
WE HAD SUCH A BLAST HERE.
YOU BETTER KILL IT FOR ME.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING JAZZ WITH
HER PARTNER VAL, IT'S OLIVIA
JADE.
♪
♪ REMEMBER ME THOUGH I HAVE TO
SAY GOOD‐BYE ♪
♪ REMEMBER ME DON'T LET IT MAKE
YOU CRY ♪
♪ FOR EVEN IF I'M FAR AWAY I
HOLD YOU IN MY HEART ♪
♪ I SING A SECRET SONG TO YOU
EACH NIGHT WE ARE APART ♪
♪ REMEMBER ME THOUGH I HAVE TO
TRAVEL FAR ♪
♪ REMEMBER ME EACH TIME YOU HEAR
A SAD GUITAR ♪
♪ KNOW THAT I'M WITH YOU THE
ONLY WAY THAT I CAN BE ♪
♪ UNTIL YOU'RE IN MY ARMS AGAIN
REMEMBER ME ♪
♪
♪ REMEMBER ME THOUGH I HAVE TO
SAY GOOD‐BYE ♪
♪ REMEMBER ME DON'T LET IT MAKE
YOU CRY ♪
♪ KNOW THAT I'M WITH YOU THE
ONLY WAY THAT I CAN BE ♪
♪ UNTIL YOU'RE IN MY ARMS AGAIN
REMEMBER ME ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: OLIVIA AND VAL.
WITH A JAZZ PERFORMANCE.
BRUNO IS UP AND READY TO TALK.
>> OH, YES, HONEY.
I'M HAVING SO MUCH FUN.
I'M GOING COCO‐LOCO.
REALLY, YOU CAPTURED THE SPIRIT
OF THE MOVIE.
AND YOU'RE GETTING BETTER AND
BETTER AS A DANCER.
BUT YOU CAN ACT AS WELL.
REALLY, REALLY WELL.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: CARRIE ANN?
>> I'M IMPRESSED WITH THE
ACTING.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE TO SAY, I FEEL
LIKE ONCE AGAIN, IT FELT A
LITTLE SAFE FOR ME.
I'VE SEEN YOU DANCE IN THE
POCKET.
TONIGHT I FELT LIKE YOU WERE A
HAIR IN FRONT OF THE BEAT.
AND I KNOW, I'M NOT GOING TO BE
THE MOST POPULAR.
BUT I ENCOURAGE YOUR GROWTH,
BECAUSE YOU'RE GROWING EVERY
WEEK.
I'M STILL ENCOURAGING YOUR
GROWTH.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> THERE'S A SAYING, I COULD
HAVE DANCED FOR JOY.
AND THIS WAS SUCH A JOYOUS
PERFORMANCE.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> I CAN HEAR LEN DURING THE
WHOLE PERFORMANCE BEING LIKE, I
LOVE IT!
I LOVE IT!
THE WHOLE TIME.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'VE NEVER
PERFORMED LIKE THIS BEFORE,
BECAUSE YOU'RE A NATURAL BORN
PERFORMER.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: SO YOUR FAMILY IS IN
THE HOUSE TONIGHT.
NOT JUST YOUR BROTHER VAL.
BUT YOUR SISTER ISABELLA.
>> THERE SHE IS.
>> Tyra: LOOK AT THE EYES,
TWINNING SO MUCH.
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO BE WITH YOUR
FAMILY TONIGHT?
>> IT'S SO NICE.
SHE'S BEEN HERE EVERY NIGHT I'VE
PERFORMED.
AND IT MEANS EVERYTHING.
>> SPEAKING OF FAMILY, YOU KNOW,
WE'RE ACTUALLY ‐‐ "COCO" IS A
MOVIE ABOUT HERITAGE AND
MEMORIES.
AND WE'RE CELEBRATING HISPANIC
HERITAGE MONTH.
SO THANK YOU TO THE HISPANIC
COMMUNITY FOR WELCOMING THIS
UKRAINIAN BOY.
I DIDN'T STICK AROUND DANCE FOR
RUSSIAN FOLK DANCING.
I STUCK AROUND FOR SALSA AND
RUMBA.
I APPRECIATE YOU GUYS.
>> Tyra: MUCH LOVE FROM VAL.
LET'S GET YOUR SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> 9.
>> Tyra: A LOT OF 9s.
TRIPLE 9s, 35 OUT OF 40 FOR
OLIVIA AND VAL.
THEIR TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS IS
70.
ALL RIGHTY.
NEXT UP ON DISNEY VILLAINS
NIGHT, THEY'RE GIVING SOME
KISSES AND LOVES AND ROSES TO
OUR JUDGES.
NEXT UP, OUR OLYMPIC GOLD
MEDALIST SUNI LEE AND SASHA,
BRINGING A LITTLE "HOCUS POCUS"
TO THE BALLROOM, AND THEY'RE
GOING TO DO IT LIVE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WE'RE BACK.
NOW, REMEMBER, YOU GET TEN VOTES
PER COUPLE, PER VOTING METHOD.
AND VOTING CLOSES DURING THE
LAST COMMERCIAL BREAK.
NEXT, OLYMPIC GOLD MEDALIST SUNI
LEE AND SASHA BRING SOME EVIL
TRICKERY TO A VIENNESE WALTZ.
HONORING THE SANDERSON SISTERS
FROM "HOCUS POCUS."
>> IT'S DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT.
WE'RE DOING A VIENNESE WALTZ
TO "I PUT A SPELL ON YOU."
>> I LOVE THAT SONG.
>> HAVE YOU SEEN THE
MOVIE "HOCUS POCUS"?
>> YES.
ME AND MY SISTER WATCH THIS
MOVIE EVERY YEAR DURING
HALLOWEEN.
I'M SO SHY, AND SHE'S SO
OUTGOING.
MY SISTER IS THE BEST PERSON IN
MY LIFE, EVER.
WE DO EVERYTHING TOGETHER.
>> I THINK WHAT YOU GUYS HAVE IS
A BEAUTIFUL THING.
>> SHE'S MY BEST FRIEND.
>> BESIDES ME.
>> JUST NOT HAVING HER HERE FOR
A LONG PERIOD OF TIME HAS BEEN
VERY DIFFICULT FOR ME.
I MISS MY SISTER.
HI.
I MISS YOU.
>> I MISS YOU, TOO.
>> I THINK THE DANCE WILL BE
REALLY GOOD BECAUSE THE MOVIE IS
ABOUT SISTERS.
>> I'M SO EXCITED.
>> I HOPE WE MAKE YOU PROUD.
>> YOU GUYS DEFINITELY WILL.
YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN EVERY SINGLE
DANCE.
I KNOW THIS WON'T BE ANY
DIFFERENT.
>> JUST HAVING HER SAY THAT
MEANS A LOT.
I WOULDN'T BE ANYWHERE WITHOUT
HER.
SO IT MEANS THE WORLD.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE
VIENNESE WALTZ WITH HER PARTNER
SASHA, IT'S SUNI LEE.
♪
♪ I PUT A SPELL ON YOU BECAUSE
YOU'RE MINE ♪
♪ YOU'D BETTER STOP THE THINGS
YOU DO ♪
♪ I TELL YOU I AIN'T LYIN'
I AIN'T LYIN' ♪
♪ I PUT A SPELL ON YOU
BECAUSE YOU'RE MINE
I PUT A SPELL ON YOU ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: MEOW!
SUNI AND SASHA PUTTING A SPELL
ON US WITH THAT VIENNESE WALTZ.
CARRIE ANN?
>> SUNI!
YOU'RE FINALLY REALLY GOING
THERE.
THE ARTICULATION, I COULD FEEL
THE ENERGY MOVE.
SO WHEN YOU DANCE BEYOND YOUR
BODY, IT WAS FEELING GOOD.
FINALLY, I FEEL THE PERFORMANCE
HAS MATCHED THE TECHNIQUE.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: LEN?
>> SASHA, I'M TELLING YOU, YOU
SHOULD HAVE NOT DONE A STANDING
SPIN.
IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN A FLECKLE.
BUT IT WAS A STANDING SPIN.
SO THERE YOU GO.
BUT YOU LOOK SO GOOD IN HOLD,
SASHA, NEXT BALLROOM DANCE,
LET'S GET HER A LITTLE BIT MORE
IN HOLD.
SHE LOOKS GREAT.
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TO
SAY.
I'M STILL RECOVERING FROM SASHA
RUNNING OFF LIKE A LITTLE CAT.
I'M DYING.
SUNI, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL,
MAGNIFICENT, YOU HAVE BEAUTIFUL
ARMS, AND YOUR PERFORMANCE IS
STARTING TO COME OUT.
WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE THAT.
WELL DONE.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> BEWITCHING, MY DARLING.
THE FLOW, THE MOVEMENT, THE WAY
THEY FILLED THE PHRASES, THAT'S
WHAT WE LIKE.
THOSE LONG LINES.
WHATEVER THE SPELL IS, KEEP IT
GOING.
IT'S WORKING.
>> Tyra: SO SUNI, I REMEMBER
EARLY ON, YOU WERE SAYING
GYMNASTICS, YOU CAN'T SHOW ANY
WEAKNESS.
YOU CAN'T EVEN BE HUMAN.
YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS WALL UP,
PRETTY MUCH.
NOW YOU'RE COMING OUT OF THAT
SHELL.
WHY?
WHAT IS HAPPENING INSIDE?
>> I FEEL LIKE I'M GETTING A LOT
MORE COMFORTABLE.
AND BEING HERE, YOU'RE FORCED TO
COME OUT OF YOUR SHELL.
I'M DOING A LOT BETTER.
AND I HAVE SASHA TO HELP ME.
IT'S JUST BEEN AMAZING.
>> Tyra: AND SASHA IS SO FUN.
LET'S GET YOUR SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> 8.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> Tyra: 35 OUT OF 40 FOR SUNI
AND SASHA.
IT'S THEIR HIGHEST SCORES SO FAR
IN THIS COMPETITION.
THEIR TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS IS
68.
NOW, UP NEXT, THE CO‐HOST OF
"THE TALK" HAS HER DESIGNS ON A
PASO DOBLE.
AMANDA KLOOTS AND ALAN PAY
TRIBUTE TO CRUELLA, LIVE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WELCOME BACK.
WE INVITE EVERYONE TO CELEBRATE
THE STORIES YOU LOVE DURING
DISNEY PLUS DAY ON
NOVEMBER 12th.
THIS GLOBAL CELEBRATION WILL
INCLUDE EXCITING PROMOTIONS AND
EXPERIENCES, CONTENT RELEASES
FROM EACH OF THE ICONIC BRANDS,
WE GOT DISNEY, PIXAR, MARVEL,
STAR WARS, AND NATIONAL
GEOGRAPHIC, AND A PEEK INTO THE
NEXT CHAPTER ON DISNEY PLUS.
NOW, TO FINISH OFF OUR DISNEY
VILLAINS NIGHT COMPETITION, IT'S
THE CO‐HOST OF "THE TALK."
IN TRAINING THIS WEEK, MS.
AMANDA KLOOTS AND ALAN FASHIONED
A PASO DOBLE TO HONOR CRUELLA.
>> IT'S DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT.
AND WE'RE DANCING TO THE
SONG "CALL ME CRUELLA."
PASO DOBLE, IT'S FROM THE MOVIE,
CAN YOU GUESS WHO YOU ARE?
>> I'M GUESSING I'M PLAYING
CRUELLA.
>> YEAH.
>> THIS WILL BE AWESOME.
I LOVE CRUELLA DE VIL, SHE'S A
STRONG WOMAN, A FASHIONISTA.
I THINK IT MATCHES OUR DANCE.
FOR THE PASO DOBLE, IT'S THE
DANCE I'VE BEEN DYING TO DO
SINCE DAY ONE.
>> THE PASO IS SUCH A STRONG
DANCE.
THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO SEE FROM
YOU.
I WANT TO SEE THAT INTENSITY.
5, 6, 7, 8.
THE PASO IS THIS PASSIONATE,
MYSTERIOUS, INTENSE DANCE.
YOU CAN IMAGINE IT'S A
BULLFIGHT.
THERE'S BEAUTIFUL MOVEMENTS THAT
FLOW AND HIT AS IF YOU'RE
ESCAPING FROM A BULL.
YOU HAVE THE STEPS.
COMMIT TO THE CHARACTER AND THE
MOVEMENT NOW.
1, 2, 3, 4.
>> PASO IS SO APPROPRIATE FOR
THIS DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT.
LIKE CRUELLA, THE PASO DOBLE IS
STRONG.
IT'S PASSIONATE.
HAS A CHARACTER OF ITS OWN.
AND I AM SO EXCITED.
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: DANCING THE PASO
DOBLE WITH HER PARTNER ALAN,
IT'S AMANDA KLOOTS.
♪
♪ CRUELLA DE VIL CRUELLA DE VIL
SHE'S BORN TO BE BAD SO RUN FOR
THE HILLS ♪
♪ CRUELLA DE VIL CRUELLA DE VIL
THE FEAR ON YOUR FACE IT GIVES
ME A THRILL ♪
♪ ORIGINAL CRIMINAL DRESSED TO
KILL JUST CALL ME CRUELLA DE
VIL ♪
♪ A LIFE LIVED IN PENANCE IT
JUST SEEMS A WASTE ♪
♪ AND THE DEVIL HAS MUCH BETTER
TASTE AND I TRIED TO BE SWEET I
TRIED TO BE KIND ♪
♪ BUT I FEEL MUCH BETTER NOW
THAT I'M OUT OF MY MIND ♪
♪ CRUELLA DE VIL CRUELLA DE VIL
THE FEAR ON YOUR FACE IT GIVES
ME A THRILL ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: DRAMA.
OKAY.
AMANDA AND ALAN WITH A PASO
DOBLE.
THAT'S THE LAST DANCE OF THE
NIGHT, SO VOTE ON ABC.COM, AND
BY TEXTING THE FIRST NAME OF
YOUR FAVORITE STAR TO THE NUMBER
21523.
LEN, DARLING?
>> YES, OF COURSE, MY LITTLE
SWEETIE.
IT HAD A FEELING OF MENACE,
WHICH I LIKE TO SEE.
LOVELY INTERPRETATION FROM YOU,
ALAN, FOR THE MUSIC.
I WAS WATCHING HERE, AND YOU
KEPT LOOKING AT ME.
DON'T DO THAT AGAIN, BECAUSE IT
SCARES ME, OKAY?
>> Tyra: DEREK?
>> AMANDA, YOU LOOK
UNBELIEVABLE.
YOU PLAYED THE PART TO
PERFECTION.
YOU WERE SO GOOD THAT SOMETIMES
THE LITTLE DETAILS CATCH MY EYE
A LITTLE BIT.
SO PLACE YOUR ARMS, A LITTLE BIT
OF FOOTWORK.
BUT I'M BEING REALLY FINICKY,
THAT WAS A PHENOMENAL PASO
DOBLE.
WELL DONE.
>> Tyra: BRUNO?
>> IT WAS DEVILISHLY STYLISH,
WITH A HINT OF DANGER, A LOT OF
AGGRESSION.
IT WAS GOING SO WELL.
HE'S RIGHT, THERE WAS A SLIGHT
MISSTEP.
OTHERWISE, IT COULD HAVE BEEN
PERFECTION.
>> Tyra: CARRIE ANN?
>> THAT WAS POWERFUL AND
MASTERFUL AND SO DIVINE.
AND I HAVE TO SAY, THAT WAS A
BEAUTIFUL WAY TO END AN
INCREDIBLE NIGHT.
AND BRAVO TO EVERYONE WHO WORKED
ON THESE SHOWS!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: AMANDA, YOU GOT THE
INTENSE FIERCE TONIGHT.
THAT WAS A NEW AMANDA WE SAW.
WHERE WAS THAT COMING FROM?
>> I'VE WATCHED THIS SHOW FROM
SEASON ONE.
IT'S BEEN MY DREAM TO BE ON THE
SHOW AND DANCE A PASO DOBLE.
THAT DREAM CAME TRUE TONIGHT.
YOUR DREAMS CAN COME TRUE, YOU
GUYS.
>> Tyra: LET'S GET YOUR SCORES.
>> Announcer: CARRIE ANN INABA.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: LEN GOODMAN.
>> Announcer: DEREK HOUGH.
>> 9.
>> Announcer: BRUNO TONIOLI.
>> Tyra: WE'VE GOT 36 OUT OF 40
FOR AMANDA AND ALAN.
HER FIRST 9s, HER BEST SCORE.
THEIR TOTAL FOR BOTH NIGHTS IS
68.
WE'RE GOING TO SEE YOU TWO IN A
FEW MINUTES.
SO GO RELAX, CRUELLA.
OKAY.
LET'S LOOK AT THE FINAL
LEADERBOARD RIGHT NOW.
WITH LAST NIGHT'S JUDGES' SCORES
AND THE BONUS POINTS FOR LAST
NIGHT'S MICKEY DANCE CHALLENGE
ADDED IN, AT THE TOP ARE MELORA
AND ARTEM.
AND AT THE BOTTOM ARE BRIAN AND
SHARNA.
NOW, OF COURSE, YOU GET YOUR SAY
WITH YOUR VOTES.
DO YOU HEAR ME?
YOUR VOTES.
WE'LL TAKE ONE LAST LOOK AT THE
VOTING DETAILS FOR ALL OF OUR
COUPLES.
LOOK FOR YOUR NAMES THAT YOU
LOVE.
VOTING WILL CLOSE SOON, SO GET
YOUR FINAL VOTES AND YOUR TEXTS
IN RIGHT NOW.
AND ALL OF THE VOTING
INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND ON
ABC.COM.
NOW WE'RE ABOUT TO COME BACK.
AND WHEN WE DO, TWO COUPLES, TWO
COUPLES WILL BE SENT HOME ON OUR
VERY FIRST DOUBLE ELIMINATION OF
THE SEASON, LIVE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Tyra: WELCOME BACK TO OUR
DISNEY VILLAINS NIGHT.
VOTING IS CLOSED AND RIGHT HERE
ARE THE RESULTS.
WE'VE COMBINED THE JUDGES'
SCORES FROM LAST NIGHT AND
TONIGHT WITH YOUR VOTES FROM
BOTH NIGHTS.
NOW, IN NO PARTICULAR ORDER,
LET'S FIND OUT WHO IS SAFE AND
WHO IS IN THE BOTTOM THREE.
THE FIRST FIVE COUPLES WHO ARE
DANCING NEXT WEEK ARE CODY AND
CHERYL.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
MELORA AND ARTEM.
IMAN AND DANIELLA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THE MIZ AND WITNEY.
AND SUNI AND SASHA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THE NEXT FOUR COUPLES WHO ARE
DANCING NEXT WEEK ARE JIMMIE AND
EMMA.
>> HEY!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Tyra: AMANDA AND ALAN.
JOJO AND JENNA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
OLIVIA AND VAL.
AND IN NO PARTICULAR ORDER, THE
LAST COUPLE WHO IS DEFINITELY
SAFE IS MELANIE C AND GLEB.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WHICH MEANS BRIAN AND SHARNA,
MATT AND LINDSAY, AND KENYA AND
BRANDON ARE THE BOTTOM THREE.
THE COUPLE WITH THE LOWEST
COMBINED TOTAL OF JUDGES' SCORES
AND VIEWER VOTES WILL NOW BE
ELIMINATED.
THE COUPLE AT THE VERY BOTTOM
AND LEAVING RIGHT NOW IS BRIAN
AND SHARNA.
I'M SO SORRY, YOU GUYS BROUGHT
SO MUCH TO THIS COMPETITION.
WE'RE SAD TO SEE YOU GO.
LET'S GIVE THEM A HAND AS THE
REMAINING COUPLES JOIN ME ON THE
DANCE FLOOR.
GOOD LUCK TO YOU BOTH.
YOU GUYS BOTH DANCED BEAUTIFULLY
TONIGHT.
AGAIN, IT WILL BE UP TO THE
JUDGES TO SAVE ONE OF THE BOTTOM
TWO COUPLES AND KEEP THEM IN
THIS COMPETITION.
IF THE FIRST THREE JUDGES ARE
DIVIDED, THEN LEN, AS OUR HEAD
JUDGE, WILL CAST THE DECIDING
VOTE.
OKAY, IT'S TIME FOR THE JUDGES'
VERDICT.
BRUNO, WHICH COUPLE WOULD YOU
LIKE TO SAVE?
>> OH, LISTEN, BOTH OF YOU ARE
SO ENTERTAINING, SO MUCH
POTENTIAL.
I HAD GREAT MOMENTS WITH BOTH OF
YOU.
I HAVE TO CHOOSE ONE.
AND I HAVE TO GO FOR MATT AND
LINDSAY.
I'M SO SORRY, MY LOVE.
>> Tyra: BRUNO CHOOSES TO SAVE
MATT AND LINDSAY.
I TURN TO YOU, DEREK.
WHICH COUPLE WOULD YOU LIKE TO
SAVE?
>> YOU BOTH HAVE INCREDIBLE
POTENTIAL.
AND TONIGHT YOU BOTH RAISED THE
GAME AND ELEVATED SO MUCH IN
YOUR JOURNEY ON THE SHOW.
MATT, I FELT YOUR ENERGY
TONIGHT.
YOU WERE SO FIERCE TONIGHT.
KENYA, I LOVED IT.
MAN, I THINK TONIGHT I'M GOING
TO SAVE KENYA AND BRANDON.
>> Tyra: ONE FOR MATT AND
LINDSAY, ONE FOR KENYA AND
BRANDON.
CARRIE ANN, WHICH COUPLE WOULD
YOU LIKE TO SAVE?
>> THIS IS WHY IT'S NOT SO FUN
TO BE A JUDGE RIGHT NOW.
YOU BOTH HAVE SHOWN INCREDIBLE
POISE AND YOU'VE BOTH GROWN SO
MUCH.
I LOVE THAT YOU'VE PUSHED
YOURSELVES BEYOND YOUR OWN
LIMITS.
I'VE SEEN IT, WITNESSED IT, FELT
IT.
BUT TONIGHT, I'M GOING TO
SAVE ‐‐ THE COUPLE I'M GOING TO
SAVE IS MATT AND LINDSAY.
>> Tyra: TWO VOTES TO ONE.
THAT MEANS OUR JUDGES ARE
DIVIDED, BOTH OF THESE COUPLES
ARE STILL IN THE RUNNING.
WE TURN TO OUR HEAD JUDGE, LEN.
YOU'RE MAKING THIS FINAL
DECISION.
WHICH COUPLE WOULD YOU LIKE TO
SAVE?
>> IT'S A HORRIBLE POSITION.
I'M THE ONE WHO IS SAYING
GOOD‐BYE TO SOMEONE.
BUT WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THIS SHOW
IS PEOPLE COME ON HERE AND THEY
TRY SO HARD, THEY WORK SO HARD.
>> Tyra: OKAY, WE NEED A
DECISION.
THEY'RE TELLING ME IN MY EAR.
>> I'M TRYING TO PUT IT OFF.
BUT I'M GOING TO PICK, KENYA,
YOU'RE STAYING ON THE SHOW.
>> Tyra: KENYA IS STAYING IN THE
COMPETITION, AND BRANDON.
THE EVIL QUEEN IS ON HER KNEES.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, MATT AND
LINDSAY.
YOU CAN CATCH MATT AND LINDSAY
TOMORROW MORNING ON "GOOD
MORNING AMERICA."
OKAY.
NEXT MONDAY, WE'RE GOING TO MARK
THE HALFWAY POINT IN THE SEASON
WITH AN UNBELIEVABLE "GREASE"
NIGHT.
THAT'S RIGHT, WE'VE GOT THE
CLOTHES, THE CARS, THE MUSIC.
OUR COUPLES WILL BE DANCING TO
ALL OF THE HIT SONGS FROM THE
BELOVED MOVIE "GREASE" MONDAY AT
8:00, 7:00 P. M. CENTRAL.
TOM HANKS AND LAURA DERN HOST "A
NIGHT AT THE ACADEMY MUSEUM,"
STARTING NOW ON ABC.
CONGRATULATIONS, KENYA AND
BRANDON!
CONGRATULATIONS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪